python-api/chat-files/README.md, before:

# Name

## Requirements

- Python 3.10+ (only tested on 3.10 at least)
- requirements.txt
- ffmpeg in your PATH (will change later on)

### Install

Run `python -m pip install -r requirements.txt`, preferably in a venv. 

Then run `python main.py` to start the API server.

## Using

### API

The server runs on port `:5050` with multiple routes.

| path | method | description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| /api/v1/manifest/\<videoid\> |  GET |Returns the manifest URL for downloading directly from YouTube servers. (this includes the host's IP address in the URL and I think it's required so big NO NO for public use) |
| /api/v1/search/\<videoid\>| GET |Downloads the chat if it hasn't already been downloaded and then finds peaks of chat activity. Adds the top 10 timestamps to the db. |
|/api/v1/clips |  GET | Returns list of all "new" timestamps by default. Optional `video_id` param for target video timestamps.  |
|/api/v1/clips |  POST | Updates / inserts a clips data (wip)  |
| /api/v1/download |  POST |Downloads the clip at atleast 720p using `ffmpeg` and saves it as `{video_id}_{start}_{end}.mp4`  |
| /api/v1/upload | POST | Upload clip to YouTube (wip)|

---

Yeah so look `video_stuff.py` and especially `get_stamps_by_vid()` are scuffed but if it works it works

If the video's chat hasn't been downloaded it checks to make sure the video has a duration and is type video. By default it searches in 20 second segments while skipping the first and last 5 minutes of the video to avoid こん／おつ message spam.

Commit message:

update git ignore for python files

python-api/chat-files/README.md, after:

# Name

## Requirements

- Python 3.10+ (only tested on 3.10 at least)
- requirements.txt
- ffmpeg in your PATH (will change later on)

### Install

Run `python -m pip install -r requirements.txt`, preferably in a venv. 

Then run `python main.py` to start the API server.

## Using

### API

The server runs on port `:5050` with multiple routes.

| path | method | description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| /api/v1/manifest/\<videoid\> |  GET |Returns the manifest URL for downloading directly from YouTube servers. (this includes the host's IP address in the URL and I think it's required so big NO NO for public use) |
| /api/v1/search/\<videoid\> | GET |Downloads the chat if it hasn't already been downloaded and then finds peaks of chat activity. Adds the top 10 timestamps to the db. |
| /api/v1/clips |  GET | Returns list of all "new" timestamps by default. Optional `video_id` param for target video timestamps.  |
| /api/v1/clips |  POST | Updates / inserts a clips data (wip)  |
| /api/v1/download |  POST |Downloads the clip at atleast 720p using `ffmpeg` and saves it as `{video_id}_{start}_{end}.mp4`  |
| /api/v1/upload | POST | Upload clip to YouTube (wip)|

---

Yeah so look `video_stuff.py` and especially `get_stamps_by_vid()` are scuffed but if it works it works

If the video's chat hasn't been downloaded it checks to make sure the video has a duration and is type video. By default it searches in 20 second segments while skipping the first and last 5 minutes of the video to avoid こん／おつ message spam.

Cut out most of the statsuki code for now which is another reason why it's giga scuffed since that's still super WIP

## TODO


- [ ] Add upload 
- [ ] Add POST for clips
- [ ] Maybe add statsuki stuff
- [ ] Decide if we should cache the chat .json files or if they should get parsed so theyre smaller
- [ ] Recover from this fkn flu bro
